---
title: "Introduction"
date: "2021-01-01"
description: "My Introduction"
---

Hi! My name is Tuan in my country. However, I ended up with a name Hoang in the US because my social security and green card messed up. You can call me either name, which is fine for me. I was born and raised in Vietnam. I am just on my 20s and really want to live and experience this beautiful and liberty land for the rest of my life, so I think that continuing my education path is the easiest way to make my dream become reality. TCC is a school with a variety of races around the world and is a great place for people who just came here to get familiar with the education system in the US. And, I think that most people go for TCC because of affordability, of course, I am not an exception. TCC is probably a wonderful way to jumpstar my path. I am definitely a fan of marvel, especially Captain America. In addition, I would like to see all the movies that Tom Cruise stars, such as Mission Impossible, The Mummy, Vanila Sky... Because I pretty like the way that he runs. He is probably the greatest runner in the history of film. The first English music that I heard is that Not Afraid by Eminem. Since then, he has my back on English rap music. Ed Sheeran is another singer-songwriter that I want to hear. If I hear songs by Eminem in terms of how hard life is, then Ed Sheeran gets me to know how beautiful love can be. I love math, but I am not good at it. My major job is computer science, and I recently interest in trading stock and begin to practice with paper trading. I would live in California for its great place and nice people if I could afford it. I like how energetic it is, and especially it has the nicest weather in the US, even all over the world. I have a dream of having a great family in the next 10 years after getting a fine job. Although this unexpected change in lifestyle has had emotional and social impact on me, I have barely problem of switching to online-only course in learning. I do believe TCC in particular, and the US education system in general, in preparing to provide the resources that students can to ease this transition. I inevitably am not a good writer, but I will try my best to post topics from what I think in mind.
